>> Jerome Hardaway: Here's a template
based upon resumes we have seen at work
this year, right?
So it's very plain,
formatting super simple, very legible.
This is what you wanna keep it.
You wanna make it as easy for
a robot to read as possible.
Remember, it is a highlight reel, but
it's also gonna be read by
a machine at first, right?
So a lot of the formatting quirkiness that
we would do in the past and bolding and
things like that,
it's already gonna look for the keywords.
So you don't need a bold or
do any of the keywords like that.
That doesn't make any sense.
And some of that formatting
throws the machine off, right?
So what we've been doing is
we've been using plain text and
just putting that directly into
the machine and seeing what works.
And so far, this is what we've had our
highest success rates with, right?
Guess you have your information.
For this one, we use just the LinkedIn
because LinkedIn is kinda robust and
that's why everybody goes
through first anyway.
Professional summary with make sure that I
include that I'm using full stack
development and cloud technologies.
I wanna make sure that I am saying
what type, I'm using product, but
I'm also using cloud.
Have a track record, assisted performance,
leading successful projects and
continuous learning skills,
depth to collaborating with teams.
Cuz that knowing how to collaborate is, or
having saying that is
now a big resume smell.
They wanna know that you know how to work
with people, or they want to know that
you're thinking about how to work
with people and going from there.
Now, in my work experience, as you see,
I'm saying where I worked at,
it was a remote, was in the city,
etc, and how long I worked there.
But I'm saying I'm using data, right?
I'm using percentages.
I'm saying we optimize
this cloud infrastructure,
increase performance by 35%,
reduce costs by 20%.
There's a lot more metrics
that are being asked.
They wanna see the value
that you bring in your role,
a lot more on your resume, right?
We are seeing metric based resumes
getting a lot more positive feedback.
A lot more callbacks than those resumes
that do not have metrics on them.
We also seeing that the cut off is
usually three pages once you go
past three pages on your resume,
they're kinda this is overkill,
you get, it gets thrown out by
the computer and everything else.
So one page or three pages,
is what you really want to get
one to three pages, right?
As you see as keep going further on,
I keep that,
I say what I did, I say the value of it.
And then I also say the technology coz
I know that those keywords are gonna be
picked up.
So if I know AWS as popular as
yours popular, I've worked at AWS,
I worked for Azure,
I'm gonna put that in there.
I want to know Jas.
I'm gonna put that in our React.
Now here's a gotcha that
we have been seeing.
Saying you work with React,
you need to say the back
in technology that you work
with with React these days.
Because a lot of people,
particularly with after the update of
the Facebook documentation,
they are now, are you using Next.js?
Right, that's what they wanna know.
Are you using Next?
And if you're using Next,
are you using Vercel?
Coz that's what they recommend.
Now if you're gonna go production ready,
you just don't even use React,
just use Next.js.
It works, right?
So that's what it says on the docs.
So that now when you're saying you're
using React, you need to make sure you
have what backend technologies
you're using React with, right?
So you're using React with.net.
Got to make sure you say
that just can't say React.
You're using React with Django or
flask like I always
recommend to the dangers
of flask versus Django.
For instance, one is a lot bigger than
the other one flask is tend to be,
I believe as flat as the smaller one.
And joining us,
the bigger more robust framework and
when people see that they
see Django it's closer
aligned with like Java spring and .net.
So that is what I always recommend
people are gonna be doing Python.
Make sure you're building things of that.
And then, but whenever you're using
with React, if you're just using React,
you need to make sure that you're staying
with the back end that you're using.
But if you're using Next.js,
say that, right?
Say, and
talk about your collaboration, right?
Your cross team collaboration.
Knowing that you have that experience and
you're implementing user-centric features.
You're boosting user engagement
whatever you're doing,
how you're implementing productivity, how
you're helping with the planning meetings,
etc, make sure you're putting
those examples on your resume.